---
title: Crew
layout: default
---
h3. Crew

h4. Leonard Axelsson

Leo runs the local Groovy Usergroup SweGUG. He loves to discuss technology and meet other developers so you'll probably see him at one of the events in the calendar. By day he's a consultant/developer with "Agical":http://agical.se and works mainly on the JVM. He prefers the alternative languages to pure Java and has recently been seen learning about Clojure.

Twitter: "@xlson":http://twitter.com/xlson
Blog: "xlson.com":http://xlson.com
Email: leo@xlson.com

h4. Peter Lind

Peter have a long history with Java, but fell in love with Ruby a couple of years ago. He works at "Valtech":http://valtech.se at daytime, and hacks on too many side projects at nighttime. He sometimes organizes Ruby (and other) meetups and occasionally gives talks at conferences and user groups. For some time he believed his next language would be a Lisp, but since then got seduced by CoffeeScript.

Twitter: "@peter_lind":http://twitter.com/peter_lind
Blog: "peter.lind.be":http://peter.lind.be
Email: peter@lind.be


h4. Mikael Sundberg

Micke loves languages, at work as a developer at "Lensway":http://www.lensway.se he mostly uses java and javascript. As a strong beliver in functional languages and LISP's he has spent as much time as possible in Clojure. He also belives that most languages has their use, even bash and PHP. You will most likely find him at a clojure or devops usergroup.

Twitter: "@msundb":http://twitter.com/msundb
Blog: "cleancode.se":http://cleancode.se
Email: micke@cleancode.se
